you want to learn about reptiles video
call your call for the reptile guys this
here is called an ivory king snake or
banana king snake we got our bandit king
snakes this one here is called a crazy
king snake so king snakes aren't
aggressive they're they're they're good
pet snakes the kids love learning about
rick astley yes I don't know if it's so
much the learning about them but they
love seeing them the chance to get to
you know Pat a crocodile you know it's
exciting now look at out look out
friendly he is we can open his mouth and
you put half as much you will not buy a
lot of cool things about crocodiles they
can close their nostrils I got a little
split over the nacho so you can close
their nostrils they've got two sets of
eyelids they got one like ours goes up
and down just kind of you know keep
stuff out of their eyes they've got
another eyelet that goes from the front
to the back and that's it's a clear
scale and it so they can close their
eyes underwater and still see see what
the crocodile feels like you know lots
about Rick tiles and your passengers on
yeah why I like to educate people I mean
reptiles are misunderstood there's you
know all these really for example right
now we're trying to ban all reptiles in
Vancouver and the reason for that
they're saying that there do you know
they're dangerous to society right when
we lost even heard of a reptile attacked
around here never it is a breed of go
out of this this is the baby now a lot
of people get these things when they're
this big because they're all cute and
they're they're pretty cheap and the
really easy look after in the wild these
things can get over six feet long so
Terry is going to show you the reason
why why people get rid of when they get
older
you're taking kids yet you have to be
responsible if you're going to have a
rep top the biggest problem with people
buying animals and I actually pretty bad
for it is impulse buying you see an
animal in story like oh that's so cute
like you'll get nig wanna it's like that
big eight months down the road you've
got this three foot iguana you're like
wow what am I going to do with this
thing if you can get the kids to realize
this now then there won't be as many
problems got to understand the animal
before you get them it's just it's
crucial this year it's a redtail boy and
this isn't albino Burmese python this
one here in the wild they can get over
25 feet long is it right to have these
animals here in Canada its captive bred
I'm fine with that I have no problems
with that what's also have you ever seen
that frog from the telus commercial for
it's really bright green it's blue and
orange and red eyes we have one of those
oh right there frogs are really good to
have in a display cage that you know
walk in show people in your house but
not to take them out so I don't
recommend frogs as pets we do schools
birthday parties daycares the women's
group beavers Cubs any any any event you
can think you're based in penticton but
will you travel the Okanagan we've gone
everywhere everywhere you can think of
so we we have a pretty you know white
area we could go to and we will because
we want everybody to have the
opportunity to see these things so how
do people get hold of you guys you can
call us the phone number is 250 770 1668
I have an email address the reptile guy
bc at hotmail com all one word you see
the old skin coming off hey and that's
what looks like what a snake sheds I
would love for this eventually to be
full-time so right now we do we do our
shows by donation so we we don't get a
whole lot right you know maybe when we
do it shall we break even we might you
know enough for gas and to pay for food
for the animals for a week or whatever
rate but by no means is this paper for
pay the bills
Jovie fake though you can use both hands
he'll stay still if you use both hands